Command Line:
What is a shell? What is "bash?"
- The shell is a program that uses a command-line interface to interpret commands from the user to the operating system. Bash, or Bourne-again shell, is a unix based shell. 

In your own words, write what each of the following commands does:
pwd - prints working directory. The current folder you are working in.
ls - lists files in the working directory. ls with no options will only list   non-hidden files
mv - used to move or rename files and directories 
cd - used to navigate between folders 
touch - creates a file if the file does not exist. 
mkdir - creates a directory 
rm - removes a file or directory depending on what options you apply 
help - displays a summary of commands 
find - searches for files in a directory
grep - searches text in a file for a specified pattern


Git:
What is version control and why do developers use it?
    Version control is a tool that allows developers to view the entire history of revisions to one or more files and merge those revisions by different people. 
    Developers use version control so they can save different versions of code, allow multiple people to work on a different feature of code without affecting the main source code and then giving them the ability to merge it all together. 
What is a commit? What are the best practices for commit messages?
    A commit is snapshot in time or a save point of a project. A good commit message is detailed and states what was changed since the last commit.  
What is a branch?
    A branch is a separate line of development, basically a brand new working directory with its own project history. You can use multiple branches to work on different features of code. 
What are the 3 stages of a git change and how do you move a file from one stage to the other?
    The three stages of a git change are untracked, modified, and staged. Untracked files are new files that are not being tracked. Modified files are tracked but they have been modified since the last commit. Staged files are those files ready to be committed. To move out of the untracked stage, you must git add the file and then commit. To move from modified to staged, you must add the file with git add. Once the files are staged, they are ready to be committed with a git commit and good commit message. 


GitHub:
Write an explanation of and compare Git and GitHub to one another.
In your own words, write instructions to create, clone and update a repository.
In your own words, write instructions to fork, clone and update a repository.
What is a pull request and how do you create and merge one?
Why are pull requests preferred when working with teams?